Add queries for new examples (#1)
sc-sq-c-family-examples/code: README.adoc

* https://github.com/sonarsource-cfamily-examples?q=jenkins[Jenkins]
* https://github.com/sonarsource-cfamily-examples?q=gitlab[GitLab CI]
* https://github.com/sonarsource-cfamily-examples?q=bitbucket[BitBucket Pipelines]

> * plus https://github.com/orgs/sonarsource-cfamily-examples/repositories?q=otherci[generic CI]
> * and https://github.com/orgs/sonarsource-cfamily-examples/repositories?q=manual[manually]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can find [generic examples](https://github.com/orgs/sonarsource-cfamily-examples/repositories?q=otherci[generic examples]) that work for other CIs as well as [manual configurations](https://github.com/orgs/sonarsource-cfamily-examples/repositories?q=manual[manual configurations]) of SonarQube.
```

Reviewer: I don't find the fact of adding these two items to the list very clear. I'd instead write them down in a sentence like the one above. WDYT?

Author: I think adding a top-level entry like this breaks the flow of the description. I tried to clarify it, PTAL.

Reviewer: Perfect!

Configured for analysis on:

* https://github.com/sonarsource-cfamily-examples?q=-sq[SonarQube]
* https://github.com/sonarsource-cfamily-examples?q=-sc[SonarCloud]

You can find also a few examples demonstrating

* https://github.com/orgs/sonarsource-cfamily-examples/repositories?q=compdb[the use of Compilation Database (compile_commands.json)]

> * https://github.com/orgs/sonarsource-cfamily-examples/repositories?q=topic%3Acoverage[test coverage gathering]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://github.com/orgs/sonarsource-cfamily-examples/repositories?q=compdb[the use of Compilation Database (compile_commands.json)]
* https://github.com/orgs/sonarsource-cfamily-examples/repositories?q=topic%3Acoverage[Test coverage]
```

Author: Reformulated.
